Name: CIBC
Location: Toronto-81 Bay, 33rd Floor
Position: Data Scientist Co-op
Company Description: We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients.

At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions, so you are empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and are truly valued for who they are and what they contribute.
Job Description: As a Data Scientist you will apply your knowledge and experience of data modelling to solve challenging business problems and bringing innovative solutions. You’ll interact with groups across the organization from client facing to operational, risk and capital markets. You’ll work with real world structured and unstructured datasets to produce end-to-end solutions, taking models from experiment to deployment. We collaborate with the most exciting new companies in the space of AI and machine learning, and engage in teamwork with leading academic researchers to promote the exchange of ideas and enrich our talent.

How you’ll succeed

Data: You’ll extract, explore, and wrangle data from various sources/formats to appropriately prepare it for further study
Problem solving: You’ll apply business-relevant statistical, machine learning, or deep learning approaches to solve business challenges 
Programming: You’ll have an opportunity to program data science applications that directly solve business challenges, considering infrastructure and end-use constraints 
Deployment: You’ll assist with the deployment of end-to-end data science applications 
Who you are

Developer: You have some experience coding with at least one scripting language, e.g. python and a statistical/analytics software tool such as R
Data analytics: You have the technical skills to review and evaluate data to find innovative opportunities and share with partners
Problem Solving: You enjoy being presented with problems or issues and working with a team to find innovative solutions
Communication:  You have excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively articulate ideas and opinions that involve research, interpretation, and assessment.
Process Improvement: You enjoy the process of reviewing current processes and identifying improvements that will optimize or improve standards
Creativity: You are curious and enjoy working in a team to visualize and design innovative solutions
Inspired: Your passionate about growing your knowledge and you know there is no limit to what you can achieve
Teamwork: You care about people and understand different perspectives. You work well with others and learn from the experiences of others.
Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values – trust, teamwork and accountability
Qualification:Analytics Software, Communication, Data Analysis, Data Science, Deep Learning, Development Planning, End-to-End Testing, Exploration, Innovation, Machine Learning, Personal Development, Problem Solving, Researching, Statistics, Teamwork, Written Communication
